Switch to pnpm, add CONTRIBUTING.md and CI check on PRs (#13)
ferdium/website: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the Ferdium Website

:tada: First off, thanks for taking the time and your effort to make Ferdium better! :tada:

## Table of contents

<!-- TOC depthFrom:2 depthTo:2 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:1 orderedList:0 -->

- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [How do I contribute?](#how-do-i-contribute)
	- [Setup your development environment](#setup-your-development-environment)
		- [Node.js, pnpm](#nodejs-pnpm)
		- [Git](#git)
	- [Clone the repository](#clone-the-repository)
	- [Install dependencies](#install-dependencies)
	- [Add your modifications](#add-your-modifications)
	- [Build the website locally](#build-the-website-locally)
- [Learn More](#learn-more)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Code of Conduct

> This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [Ferdium Code of Conduct](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ferdium/ferdium-app/develop/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

Reviewer: Should we point to the code of conduct from the other repo, or duplicate that file in this one?

Author: See below

Please report unacceptable behavior to [hello@ferdium.org](mailto:hello@ferdium.org).

## How do I contribute?

### Setup your development environment

#### Node.js, pnpm

You will need a working installation of Node.js, with the `pnpm` package manager.

> It is advised to use the version recommended in the [`ferdium-app` repository](https://github.com/ferdium/ferdium-app/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#nodejs-npm-pnpm).

Reviewer: Same here - the 2 repos might evolve independently of each other (though, as maintainers we would try to keep them in sync as to node/npm/pnpm versions). Is that ok or do we want to keep the documentation also independent?

Author: I think it's okey to link the documentation and code of conduct of the main repo: it will be easier to keep it in sync if there is only one copy.
For the website, it's not really important to pin the version, as it is for the other repositories. It's why it's not enforced in `package.json#engines`. As long as we stay on a recent version of node, NextJS should work.

_Note:_ You can choose any version manager to manage multiple versions of `node` and `npm`. For eg, [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [asdf](https://github.com/asdf-vm/asdf).

#### Git

> The version [2.23.0](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/tag/v2.23.0.windows.1) for Git is working fine for development. You can then use the console from Git to do the development procedure.

Reviewer: I would much rather point to the main git repo/url, and not to the clone for Windows.
https://git-scm.com/

Author: That's right. In fact, I copy-pasted it [from the main repo](https://github.com/ferdium/ferdium-app/blob/16e66963f7907bacc42c189d41f3db0723864068/CONTRIBUTING.md#git), which as the same problem.

I'm wondering: is the `git` information really needed? If a developer is on GitHub and reads this file, doesn't he already know about git?

```suggestion
The version [2.23.0](https://git-scm.com/downloads) for Git is working fine for development. You can then use the console from Git to do the development procedure.
```

Reviewer: ok - we should change this in the main repo as well
